welcome to energy models com in this
lesson of tricks of the trace we're
going to discuss unnecessary hours spent
on unmet hours while this could apply to
trace 700 it could actually apply to any
other energy modeling software so let's
take a classroom with a storage closet
for example if there's a thermostat in
the classroom and the storage closet has
an exterior wall and it's the only wall
and both rooms have a 75 degrees set
point let's just say that this is never
going to happen because the classroom is
going to have a different load profile
than the storage closet and the storage
closet is going to need much more
conditioning than the classroom so what
are the potential solutions the simplest
thing is to combine two rooms into one
zone and therefore minimize the effects
of the wall on just the storage closet
we could assume that there's enough
doors on the storage closet or there's a
fan and that the air is going to be
adequately mixed between the two rooms
so the air conditioning the classroom
will also condition the storage closet
but sometimes this isn't a very good
option as you don't want to delete a
bunch of rooms as you already have
templates made for instance if your
lighting density is different so what I
propose is to change the set points in
the storage closet if you think about it
the storage closet is never actually
going to be 75 degrees in reality so
your initial assumption of the 75 degree
set point was actually wrong and that's
okay see in the storage closet nobody's
going to care if it's a couple degrees
different than the classroom as the
teacher maybe spends a couple minutes
maybe at most an hour a day gathering
supplies
a few degrees isn't going to hurt and
having been in many schools we all know
that this is in fact reality however to
minimize the difference in the stores
closet we want to add a partition
between the rooms so that any heat
differential will immediately be seen by
the classroom and the storage closet and
the classroom will immediately begin to
condition the storage closet thereby
reducing unnecessary on man hours I hope
this lesson has been helpful and thank
you for visiting energy models com